---
title: "Laura Kovács joins FORSYTE as full professor"
date: 2016-04-09
draft: false
---
<p>We welcome Laura Kovács, who joined the FORSYTE group as a full professor of computer science in April 2016.<span id="more-4769"/></p>
<p>Laura also holds a part-time associate professorship at the Chalmers University of Technology, Sweden. Her research deals with the design and development of new theories, technologies, and tools for program analysis, with a particular focus on automated assertion generation, symbolic summation, computer algebra, and automated theorem proving. She is the co-developer of the Vampire theorem prover. In 2014, she received the prestigious Wallenberg Academy Fellowship and an ERC Starting Grant. She holds an MSc from the Western University of Timisoara, Romania, and a PhD degree from the Research Institute for Symbolic Computation of the Johannes Kepler University, Linz, Austria. After her PhD studies, from 2007 to 2010 she was a postdoctoral researcher in the Models and Theory of Computation research group of Prof. Dr. Thomas A. Henzinger at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Lausanne (EPFL), and at the Programming Methodology research group of Prof. Dr. Peter Müller at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zürich (ETH). From 2010 to 2013, she was a FWF Hertha Firnberg Research Fellow and an assistant professor at the Institute of Computer Languages of the TU Wien. Since 2012, she holds a habilitation degree in computer science from the TU Wien.</p>
<div class="fix"><!----></div>
